Make `@Stepwise` work for iterated features (#1442)
spockframework/spock: docs/release_notes.adoc

== 2.2 (tbd)

> * `@Stepwise` can be applied to (iterated) feature methods, having the effect of executing them sequentially (even if concurrent test mode is active) and to skip subsequent iterations is one iteration fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `@Stepwise` can be applied to data-driven feature methods, having the effect of executing them sequentially (even if concurrent test mode is active) and to skip subsequent iterations if one iteration fails.
```
